What/who are the organizational entites which carry out functions?
What are the devices used?
What are the services that are carried out by software?
What are the resources have been defined?
What is the name of the organization that is represented in the model?
Does the organization defined in the model have a mobile app?
What are the software interfaces within this domain?
What automation resources does the organization have?
What are the specializations between entities that are present within the domain?
What are the data flows that carry CRM Data?
What are the relations that show the flow of money?
Are there any flows that relate to the policies?
Are there any requests relations?
Are there any document flows?
What are the capabilites that are invloved in product management?
What capabilites are needed to market and sell products?
What must happen after developing a product and before managing policies and claims?
What is must be done inoder to realize Customer Mamagement?
What are the drivers that influence the Board of Directors and the Customers and do they have any that are common?
If there are a seqeunce of activites that are done to provide the customer with a insurance offering what are they and what business value do each of they contribute?
What are the devices that are connected to the networks that are connected to ArchiSurance WAN
What data does the Home and Away Policy Administration use?
What are the software services that are used to Handle a Claim?
What resources are needed for managing digital channels?
What externally located equipment are used?
Where is the call report sent from?
How are resources realized?
What are the software components needed by the software that implements Integrated Back Office Automation?
What are the Artifacts that are assigned to devices in the PRO-FIT Headquarters?
What role does Anti Money Laundering play?
Which city is ArchiSurance Headquarters located in?
Who is the CEO of ArchiSurance?
How much money did ArchiSurance make in Q3 of 2023?
Does ArchiSurance allow workers to work from home?
What is the mission statement of ArchiSurance?